# Tour-blog

**Abstract:**
In the present system a customer has to approach various websites to find details of places and to book. This often requires a lot of time and effort. It is difficult for a customer to plan a particular journey and have it executed properly. The project “Tours and Travels” is developed to replace the currently existing system, which helps in keeping records of the customer details of destination as well as payment received. This Tours and Travel Management System is a web based application. The main purpose of “Tours and travels” is to provide a convenient way for a customer to book vehicles for tour purposes. This project is to develop a system that automates the processes and activities of a travel agency. In this project, we will make an easier task of viewing places and for booking vehicles, drivers and guides.

The websites shows the packages and places to user which is maintained by Admin. The user can book the existing packages or user can view the places where they have to book vehicles, drivers (if they needed) and guides (if they needed). The Admin can add, remove and edit the packages and vehicles. The payments will be charge separately for vehicles, drivers and guides. If they book the packages, then the payment will be based on the no. of persons, which includes all the facility in the packages. The driver and guides have to login through website where they can upload their details and the admin will accept their resumes based on the requirements.

In conclusion, the perspective of our project is to increase tourism in India as well as to go online method which leads to development of country. It also prompts tourism in particular area where the company is located. Online is one of the best way to expand company business.
